oh boy do you also struggle tying your
necktie
today's dressing rules don't require men
to wear a suit and tie to work every day
but everybody has a special occasion
from time to time and that's when this
piece of clothing comes into play and if
you have no idea what to do with this
long stretch of cloth then let me show
you all the fancy ways to tie it
number one oriental knot this knot is
the simplest to tie so let's start with
it take the tie so that the thick end is
in your left hand adjust the length the
thick end should still be on your left
couple of inches lower than where you
want it to be at the end past the thick
end across the thin one from the front
then do the same from the back
effectively surrounding the thin end in
a loop reinforce this loop by turning
the thick end from the front and back
again and yes you guessed it do it once
more but this time only from the front
now put a finger between the loop and
the loose thick end bring the end behind
the loop pass it between the loop and
the collar and slip it through the gap
you're holding with your finger this
time when you pull the thick end the
knot will tighten help it by holding the
knot with one hand and pulling slightly
on the thin end Congrats
you've managed the level 1 knot number 2
half windsor this is a tougher knot to
tie but it's totally worth it it's
medium-sized and symmetrical which makes
it more official and yet makes you look
more slender take a tie and put it
around your collar with the thick end
dangling somewhere at your right hip the
thin ends tip should at the same time be
near your ribcage make an X with the
ends of the tie by crossing the thick
end in front of the thin one make a
single loop like you did with the
Oriental knot bring the thick end around
the thin one and behind it
now grab the thick end from the top and
pull it through the hole in the initial
X pull it tight to make the first knot
now make a second loop with the thick
end
bring it around in front of the thin one
right to left
hold the resulting triangle with your
left hand and with your right pull the
thick end from behind the loop and over
the X help yourself with your left hand
and open the triangle now pull the thick
end through the opening and all the way
down adjust the length by pulling the
knot to your collar while pulling the
thin end down at the same time flatten
the knot a little bit and here you go
number three full Windsor now this one
is a large knot for longer ties that's
probably the most official one it also
makes your neck look thicker which adds
to the masculinity take a tie obviously
and put it around your collar so that
the thick end is on the right about a
palms length below the waist make an X
of the ends bringing the thick end over
the thin one pull the thick end behind
the thin one and through the loop around
your neck holding the X in place with
the other hand pull the thick in
completely through the loop tuck it
around behind the knot and bring it
right to left now
take its tip bring it diagonally up and
through the loop around your neck from
above pull the tip down and to the left
from the thin end then bring it left to
right across the knot and put a finger
between the knot and the horizontal band
to make a small opening
now pull the thick and upwards behind
the knot and then down through that
opening you may and I mean all the way
down smooth your handsome new tie knot
and you're good to go to a meeting with
the Queen
number four st. Andrew if you want a
more easy to tie option of the half
windsor knot st. andrew is your choice
it'll be a medium-sized symmetrical knot
good for any formal occasion take a tie
put it around your neck seam outwards
with a thick end on your left side a
finger length below the point you want
the tip to be in the end make an X of
the two ends by passing the thick one
behind the thin one from left to right
and then pass it horizontally back over
the thin end and pass it behind again
take the tip of the thick end and tuck
it vertically behind the knot over the
front of your collar pull the tip out to
the left of the knot and bring it across
the front making a horizontal band put a
finger between the knot and the band to
make an opening now bring the thick end
behind the knot again pull it out from
above it and immediately down through
the opening you should still be holding
now if you pull the thick end carefully
down while grabbing on to the knot
you'll tighten it and be immensely proud
of yourself I know I am number five
Victoria what a smaller and more casual
knot on your tie look no further well
look over here place a tie around your
neck with its thick end on your left
finger length below where you want its
tip to be in the end now without making
that X just cross the thick end in front
of the thin one and then immediately
behind it repeat the whole thing
front and back then cross it over the
front again and put a finger between the
loop and the horizontal bands you've
just made take the tip of the thick end
and pull it upwards through the loop
around your collar without pause push
the tip through the opening you're
holding with your finger
pull the end all the way down now hold
the resulting knot with one hand and
tighten it by carefully pulling on the
thin end whoo that's nice number six
Eldridge
finally if you're up for a challenge and
ready for experiments here's the
Eldridge not for you it'll certainly
turn some heads put the tie around your
neck so that the thick end is on your
right side with its tip where you want
it to be in the end make a dimple on the
thick end by pinching it and bring the
thin end across it horizontally in the
front then back from behind and tuck the
tip into the loop around your collar
coming from above make another
horizontal crossing over the thick end
and pull the tip through the loop from
below
tighten the knot and pull the thin in
diagonally down left to right you have a
diagonal band now bring the thin end
behind the thick one and back in the
front
feeding the tip behind your diagonal
band tighten it all up and you now have
two diagonal bands one on either side
take the tip of the thin end so that it
looks straight upwards and pull it down
through the loop behind the knot pulling
it out to the right pull up again and
down through the loop on the left side
of your neck leaving some space on the
right pull once more careful not to
strangle yourself get the end in front
of and behind the knot and yep pull the
tip through the space you left on the
right finally tuck the tip over the top
of the loop around your neck and out of
sight if necessary adjust the tie
if you've done that on your first try
you've managed much better than me and
this is it you now have six ways to tie
your necktie want to share your own
methods
feel free to go down in the comments hey
if you learned something new today then
give this video a like and share it with
a friend